#!/bin/bash -e


bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Berkeley.Law_Lib.marc berkeley_cabesl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Berkeley.Biosci.marc berkeley_cabeubnr
bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Berkeley.AsianAmer.marc berkeley_esl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Berkeley.Chicano.marc berkeley_esl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Berkeley.Ethnic.marc berkeley_esl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Berkeley.Trans.marc berkeley_hdtl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Berkeley.IGS.marc berkeley_igsl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 GLC86.mrc csf_hglc
bin/index-marc-from-s3 GLC87.mrc csf_hglc
bin/index-marc-from-s3 adamorgan.mrc csf_sfpl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 photoalbums_2-23-17.mrc csf_sfpl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 SFH74.mrc csf_sfpl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 sfh91.mrc csf_sfpl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 SFMSS22-6.mrc csf_sfpl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 SFMSS29-6.mrc csf_sfpl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 sfp35.mrc csf_sfpl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 sfp70sfp15.mrc csf_sfpl
bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Davis.Shields.mrc ucdavis_spcoll
bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Davis_AR.mrc ucdavis_uarc
bin/index-marc-from-s3 ucsb.spcoll.oac.mrc ucsb_spcoll
bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Santa_Cruz.Spec_Coll.mrc ucsb_spcoll
bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Santa_Cruz.UA.mrc ucsc_uarc
bin/index-marc-from-s3 002.mrc csl_chr
bin/index-marc-from-s3 003.mrc csl_chr
bin/index-marc-from-s3 BANCOAC_20250617.mrc berkeley_bancroft
bin/index-marc-from-s3 UC_Los_Angeles.FilmTV.mrc ucla_cluft
